KIRINMARU:
After the Dog-Demon of the West
severed my right arm,
it was tossed
into the Bone Eater's Well,
where it transcended time.
That arm is living in human form
in the Reiwa Era
under the name Kirin Osamu.
Five hundred years from now,
the true Grim Comet
will come crashing to the Earth.
When it does,
all the inhabitants
of this world
will be demon fodder,
and the human race
will become extinct.
And I, Kirinmaru,
am the only one who can
prevent that from happening.
[Japanese music playing]
SESSHOMARU: However, the fact is
Akuru hasn't chosen you.
- That's true. He hasn't,
because he's not been convinced
that I am the strongest.
But once I defeat you,
Sesshomaru...
and destroy the Dog Clan...
I will have to be recognized
as the strongest of all,
and then the Tree of Ages will
choose me without hesitation.
- Why are we standing around?!
Come on!
- Hang on! where are we going?
- Inside of my dad's stomach!
- Follow me!
- Okay!
- Right!
[wind blowing]
- Lord Sesshomaru!
- He hardly even
has enough strength left
to stand on his feet.
Of all the times
to face a duel to the death!
TOWA:
"The Three Princesses Escape."
- [panting]
- [bones rattling underfoot]
INUYASHA: We're here.
Both the Tessaiga
and the Tenseiga
were originally forged
from my dad's fang,
so it stands to reason
if you call out
to the Tenseiga
from inside his belly,
it's bound to come running.
The Tenseiga chooses its owner,
after all.
Towa...
you brought Setsuna
back to life.
You can do this.
- Well, all right. I'll try.
Call to it with my mind.
Tenseiga!
- You can do this, Towa!
- You can do it!
- Yeah, come on! You got it!
- Just believe
in your own power!
- Thank you, all.
Just let me focus, okay?
Tenseiga. Tenseiga.
Tenseiga.
[music playing]
[scabbard rattling]
- Huh?
Is this some kind of joke,
Sesshomaru?
You can't fight
with the Tenseiga.
It's merely a healing sword.
- Tenseiga.
Please come to me, Tenseiga.
[thunder rumbling]
- What's that?
What have you done?
- [winces]
[all grunting]
- Keep calling to it, Towa!
- I'm trying! I'm trying!
[grunts]
[animal howls]
- [gasps]
I know that power!
[grunting]
It's the power
of the Dog-Demon of the West!
Why?! Why must he
always get in my way?!
[both gasp]
BOTH: Lord Sesshomaru!
- Are you all right?
What should we do?
- Get him to safety.
We must hurry and get him inside
the Tree of Ages while we can.
- Yes, all right!
[chime rings]
- It's coming!
[all gasp]
- [winces]
[chime rings]
The Tenseiga.
[energy crackling]
- Y-You did it!
- You summoned the Tenseiga!
- Nice, Towa!
Now grab it,
and let's get going!
- All right!
- [gasps]
[grunting]
What's the matter, Towa?
- It won't budge!
I can't get it out of here!
- Inuyasha, didn't you say
we have to have the Tenseiga
with us at the gate?
- That's right,
or the gate won't open.
- You can do it!
Pull the damn thing out!
- Okay! I haven't given up yet!
[grunting]
[birds chirping]
[thump]
[both yell]
[both groan]
- [groans]
What happened? Where are we?
Hmm?
- Mm, the "Up, up and away"
part's okay.
It's all the spinning around.
- What good is knowing
advanced fox magic
if you're gonna get airsick
whenever you use it?
It's wasted on you.
- [groans]
I guess I was thinking
about the Demon Slayers'
village just now.
I wonder how Sango
and the others are doing.
Hey, Sango, are you here?!
It's me, Shippo!
[birds chirping]
Looks like no one's around, huh?
- [sisters wail]
- Huh?
- Shippo, is that you?!
- We missed you!
How have you been doing?
- [sisters giggle]
- Kin-Gyo, is that really--
GYOKUTO: It's been ages!
So how did
your fox magic exams go, huh?
- You meet
any cute girls out there?
- Or boys?
Meet any cute fox boys
you could introduce me to?
- Poor guy.
They're treating him
like he's a toy or something.
- Little Shippo!
- But never mind that!
Hey! Moroha, Towa, Setsuna,
are you all right in there?!
- Let me go right now! Enough!
- SANGO: Shippo?
- Huh?
- Ohh!
- Sango!
- Why the sudden visit?
[gasps] Wait,
you haven't found Kagome
and Inuyasha, have you?
- Huh?
- No, I'm afraid not.
However, I did learn
something very interesting.
It seems their daughter Moroha
is making a killing
as a demon bounty hunter, and--
- I know
where Moroha's parents are!
They're right here,
inside this Black Pearl!
- Huh?
And by the way,
Moroha isn't
making any money at all.
In fact, she's drowning in debt!
- What'd you say?! Inuyasha and
Kagome are inside that thing?
- Yup, that's right.
- [snarls]
- Kirara?
- [meows]
- Something must have happened.
[Towa grunting]
- Hey, any progress up there?
- [sighs]
No, it's stuck.
I'm not even budging it!
- [groans]
[gasps] Towa!
It's just like before!
You've gotta pour all your
demon energy into the Tenseiga!
- Like before?
- Right, when you brought
Setsuna back to life!
- Yeah, got it!
Setsuna.
Setsuna!
- Yeah, now we're talkin'!
- Towa.
- [yelling]
- Her hair, it's turning black!
- It's just as if
the New Moon had begun!
That shows you how difficult
it is to wield the Tenseiga.
- I never knew
what she went through
bringing me back to life.
Towa!
Let me help you with that!
[energy crackles]
- [Towa grunting]
- [Setsuna screams]
- No! Setsuna!
- [grunting]
- So this is the struggle
you had to go through, Tow,
all for my sake!
Take all my demon power!
- [grunts]
- [stirring music playing]
- Moroha!
- Can't just stand by
and do nothing!
[yells]
[all yelling]
[yelling stops]
- I sense it, everyone's power.
Setsuna's power...
Moroha's power...
and... and...
- Towa!
- [gasps]
[all gasp]
- You did it!
- [gasps]
It really worked.
- 'Course it did! Piece of cake.
- Towa, do you still
have some power left?
- I do. I wouldn't,
if it weren't for you two.
- Ah. [laughs]
KAGOME: Are you all okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yes.
- All right!
Then let's hurry up
and get out of here!
[ominous music playing]
[Sesshomaru winces]
- Lord Sesshomaru.
- Ohh. I can't believe
this is happening.
At the rate
his Haku is draining away,
he cannot last much longer.
- Don't worry.
I'm sure that Towa's
on her way right now.
- How can you be sure of that?
- Because the Tenseiga
has gone to get her
and bring her here!
- Huh?
- Have faith, Master Jaken,
in Towa and the Tenseiga.
[birds chirping]
SANGO: You're saying
that Kagome and Inuyasha
are trapped
within that Black Pearl?
- That's right.
And now, on top of that,
Kirinmaru is trying
to kill them.
- Well, then, girls...
- Yes, Mother?
- It would seem
the time has finally come
to put a certain
something to use,
the weapon I created
with your help,
the Black Hiraikotsu.
I shall send word to Miroku
to come at once.
I want you two
to contact Kohaku and Hisui.
BOTH: All right!
- I'll wait for Inuyasha
by Gozu and Mezu's gate.
- I'd like to come along
with you, if that's all right!
- Ah. You bet it's all right!
Climb aboard!
Fox Magic!
Up, Up and Away!
[grunts]
[laughs]
SISTERS: Bye, Shippo!
Take care of yourself!
- [sighs]
[gasps]
- [chuckles]
- [gasps]
I'm ready!
- All right!
Cross the bridge,
and we reach the gate.
- [grunts]
[top whizzes]
[both grunt]
- [panting]
- No offense, but are you sure
you took the right exit
for the Black Pearl?
- Positive!
When we were on the border
between this world and the next,
we came out through here!
INUYASHA: Hey! Gozu and Mezu!
We brought the Tenseiga with us!
So come on!
Hurry up and let us through!
[music playing]
[rumbling]
- Look at that. Opened right up!
- Finally. We can
get out of here at last.
- Yeah.
[gate slams]
- Tenseiga...
we thank you for helping us.
- [chuckles]
- [sighs]
- [humming]
- [gasping]
BOTH: Huh?
- [grunting]
- Towa, what's wrong?!
- The Tenseiga, it's telling me
that I'm needed somewhere.
- What's it mean?
Why would it do that?
Unless something's
happened to our father.
- Like what?
- Well, he was
fighting Kirinmaru, wasn't he?
Hurry!
There's no time to waste!
Come on!
- Right!
[both panting]
- [gasps]
- [laughs]
INUYASHA: You all right?
KAGOME: Yeah.
- Hey, Kagome! Inuyasha!
- Why, if it isn't Shippo.
How 'bout that?
- Hello, Shippo!
- Kagome, are you all right?!
- I'm fine.
- Hey, come on.
Weren't you worried
at all about me?
- No, not really.
- Moroha! Setsuna! Towa!
- Yo!
- Takechiyo!
- Oh, look what I've got!
The Black Pearl,
I protected it!
It wasn't easy
when Kirinmaru came after it,
I can tell you that!
- Hey, good for you, Takechiyo!
I couldn't have
done it better myself!
Hey!
- Unbelievable.
When I think
of all the trouble
this thing's been
for Kagome and me, I wanna--
- Wait, what are you doing?!
- Stop, Inuyasha!
Your father's grave
lies within that pearl.
- I'm sick of the sight
of his grave!
- If you don't want it,
I'll take it.
- Huh?
- But why?
- Well, I mean, after all,
you two spent 14 years in there.
There's a lot of memories
in that pearl,
and they're all precious to me.
- Moroha.
- There we are.
Now Grandpa's grave can rest
safely in Grandma's rouge.
I figure that ought
to make them both happy.
- You're a very kind girl,
Moroha.
- Oh, you think so? [laughs]
- Right! Shippo...
- Huh?
- take us
to the Bone Eater's Well!
- Wha?!
- Let's go! We gotta hurry!
It's urgent!
- No way!
It's out of the question!
I can't carry
that many passengers!
Eh?
[stammers]
I...
Why do I get the feeling
I don't have a choice?
- Oh, please!
Please, Mr. Shippo!
- [growls]
All right, then! I'll try it,
but don't say I didn't warn you!
Fox Magic! Up, Up and Away!
[Shippo yells]
[groans]
- [objects falling]
- Not again!
- [yelps]
- Oh, man.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
- [groans]
- Hmph. Nice job there, Shippo!
- Where are they?
- [Tenseiga humming]
- [grunts]
There! The Tree of Ages!
- All right!
- Huh?
Moroha, you're not
going with them?
- Huh?
Uh...
oh, well...
- They're just gonna be dealing
with a lot
of tricky family issues,
and you don't want
to get in their way, right?
- Right.
- [chuckles]
- Lord Sesshomaru...
- [groans]
- Try and hold on
for just a little bit longer.
Towa and Setsuna,
they will be here very soon.
- [shudders]
- It's too late. It's over.
- Huh?
[footsteps splashing]
- Eh?
Could it be?
- [gasps]
Towa! Setsuna!
- Ah! You're here at last!
Thank goodness!
[Rin gasps]
- [gasps]
- [gasps] Mother, it's you.
- Towa. Setsuna.
[sighs]
- What happened to the curse,
the silver-scaled curse?
Are you all right?
- I am.
- We can discuss it later.
Lord Sesshomaru's dying!
[both gasp]
- Kirinmaru's demon energy has
drained almost all of his Haku.
At this rate,
he cannot last much longer.
You must absorb the demon energy
with the Kyuyokon!
- Right, I understand!
- [flute plays]
- Zanseiken!
TOWA: Absorb the demon energy.
Help me, Kyuyokon!
Draw the demon energy
out of him!
- [gasps]
- [grunting]
- [winces]
What is this?!
What's going on?!
[winces]
- Towa, what's the matter?!
- This pain...
it's like my physical strength
is being drained away.
- Towa?!
- [grunting]
- Stop, Towa. Leave it.
- I'm not stopping...
'til I absorb...
this demon energy!
- You must.
Stop now, or else you will die.
- [gasps]
- Towa!
- [groans]
- Ah!
She's absorbed
all of the demon energy!
- Towa?
[gasps]
[Setsuna grunts]
What's wrong? Towa?
RIN: Towa!
[Japanese music playing]
SETSUNA: Akuru suddenly
appears beside Towa,
who is still unconscious.
Akuru, are you
going to help her?
MOROHA: Why is it
that spending time alone
with Mom and Dad
feels so damn awkward?
And now Kirinmaru shows up,
and the Grim Comet's
gonna come crashing down
and destroy the world
where Towa was living?!
SETSUNA: Next time on Yashahime,
"Akuru's Pinwheel."
RIN: Lord Sesshomaru...
all we can do is believe...
believe in our daughters.
Isn't that right?